[@labs/react] type event callbacks (#2648)
lit/lit: packages/labs/react/README.md

/>
```

#### Typescript

> Event callbacks can be typed using the included `EventHandler` type. By using a

Reviewer: I would name the public type `EventName`. `EventHandler` sounds like it's the type of the actual event handler function.

Author: Done :)

typecast, `createComponent` correlates callback types to property names from an event property map.

> Uncasted EventHandlers will fallback to `(e: Event) => void`.

Reviewer: The fallback is that the event type is `Event`, right?

```suggestion
Non-casted event names will fallback to an event type of `Event`.
```

Author: Done :)

```ts
import type {EventHandler} from '@lit-labs/react';

import * as React from 'react';
import {createComponent} from '@lit-labs/react';
import {MyElement} from './my-element.js';

export const MyElementComponent = createComponent(
  React,
  'my-element',
  MyElement,
  {
    onClick: 'pointerdown' as EventHandler<PointerEvent>,
    onChange: 'input',
  }
);
```

Event callbacks will match their type cast. In the example below, a
`PointerEvent` is expected in the `onClick` callback in the example below.

```tsx
<MyElementComponent
  onClick={(e: PointerEvent) => {
    console.log('DOM PointerEvent called!');
  }}
  onChange={(e: Event) => {
    console.log(e);
  }}
/>
```

NOTE: This type casting is not associated to any component property. Be
careful to use the corresponding type dispatched from the webcomponent.

> Incorrect type casts might result in events with missing properties.

Author: Done :)
